<h1><a href="https://www2.scut.edu.cn/cs/2017/0629/c22284a328094/page.htm">**Xuemiao XU**</a></h1>

Dr. Xuemiao Xu is currently a professor and doctoral supervisor at the School of Computer Science and Engineering of South China University of Technology. She is also the vice dean of Jundei College of Guangzhou International Campus of South China University of Technology, a young talent in scientific and technological innovation of Guangdong Province, and a rising star in the field of science and technology of the Pearl River. She is a key researcher in the research direction of Smart City in the National Key Laboratory of Subtropical Architecture Science, the Joint Laboratory of Big Data and Intelligent Robotics of Education Department of Guangdong Province, and the Key Laboratory of Computational Intelligence and Cyber Space Information of Guangdong Province. She is also a committee member of several specialized committees of the Chinese Computer Society, including Multimedia Intelligence of Computer Vision and Image Graphics Society, and Graphics Society of Computer Science. 

Professor Xu has published over 50 papers in important international journals and conferences related to artificial intelligence, vision and graphics in recent years. Among them, 36 are SCI papers, 1 is an ESI highly cited paper, 15 are ACM/IEEE Transactions journal papers, 8 are from top conferences, and 20 invention patents have been applied for, with 9 patents having been authorized. He has also led his graduate student team to win two national championships in the "Digital Human" AI challenge and visual challenge organized by Alibaba Cloud, won the national championship in the "Digital China Innovation Competition" - intelligent inventory, and won the national third place in the "National AI Competition" (pedestrian re-identification).